NOTE : If any name changes or region changes are required. Make sure to change the references in the script and policies accordingly. "" wil be used to highlight names
NOTE : Port 587 is used by Gmail SMTP Server. Make sure to whitelist your server correctly

Pre-requists: 
1. Configured AWS Account
2. us-east-1 region will be used (Or Script needs to be edited)

Common:
1. Update ssmtp.conf and revalaliases under both monitoring and webserver directory with your email username and password
2. Create a config s3 bucket named "capital-market-config-bucket"

Webserver
1. Create a logging s3 bucket named as "capital-market-logging-bucket"
2. Copy files under webserver directory to s3 bucket "s3://capital-market-config-bucket/webserver/"
3. Create Key Pair with the name "keerthan-key" and download the key
4. Create IAM Role using iam-policy.json file inside webserver directory. 
5. Create Launch configuration. Make sure to follow below steps;
    1. Use the above created keypair and IAM instance Role
    2. Add webserver/userdata.sh files contents under Userdate in Launch configuration
    3. Use Amazon Linux 2 AMI
    4. Make sure to use a public subnet (Default VPC, Default Subnet works)
    5. Allow Port 80 and 587 from anywhere in Security Group
    6. (Optional) Allow Port 22 from your IP for debugging
6. Create ASG from above created launch config
    1. Create Internet Facing load balancer with ASG as the target for port 80
7. Validation
    1. SSH into the instance using the public ip and the downloaded key
    2. Check if scripts are present under /etc/logging
    3. Run script and check if the compressed log files are copied to S3
    4. use crontab -l command and check if the crontab is present to run the script daily 
    5. Use the Load Balancers DNS to make sure you can reach httpd server in instance
    6. Script logs will be added to /var/log/cron.log

Monitoring
1. Copy files under monitoring directory to s3 bucket "s3://capital-market-config-bucket/monitoring/"
2. Copy downloaded webserver key (Step: Webserver:3) to s3 bucket as "keerthan-key.pem" "s3://capital-market-config-bucket/monitoring/keerthan-key.pem"
3. Create a DynamoDB table named as "webserver-monitoring" with primary key as "timestamp"
4. Create a new keypair
5. Create IAM Role using iam-policy.json file inside monitoring directory. 
6. Create Launch configuration. Make sure to follow 
    1. Use the above created keypair and IAM instance Role
    2. Add monitoring/userdata.sh files contents under Userdate in Launch configuration
    3. Use Amazon Linux 2 AMI
    4. Make sure to use a public subnet (Default VPC, Default Subnet works)
    5. Allow Port 587 from anywhere in Security Group
    6. (Optional) Allow Port 22 from your IP for debugging
7. Create ASG using created Launch Config
8. Validation
    1. SSH into the instance using the public ip and the downloaded key
    2. Check if scripts are present under /etc/monitoring
    3. Run script and check if result has been added to DynamoDB
    4. use crontab -l command and check if the crontab is present to run the script Hourly
    5. Script logs will be added to /var/log/cron.log